secretly drinking and page
memorandum of understanding outlined
all details of intelligence sharing between
US National Security Agency
and the Israeli intelligence services in it
it says that a n b constantly
gave Israel access to
untreated intelligence who are not
were filtered and from which not
personal information about
American citizens in this
the memorandum stipulates that Israel has
the right to receive such unprocessed
materials they include quote not
pre-evaluated and not
conversations abbreviated indexes
jist as well as fax and voice
telex messages meta data and
digital network content
at the same time, the memorandum does not impose
no legal obligations on
the Israeli side regarding
use of information is true in
the agreement states that such
material needs to be processed
Compliance with US law and
Israel agreed not to act
intentionally against the americans
whose personal data he received however in
The document also notes that it does not
is an international agreement and not
is legally binding in
it also states that Israel should
after familiarization will destroy any
message received from the representative
US authorities or sent him in the number
the rest is about the white house
US ministries ward
representatives and the senate
nb so far refuses to answer questions
about this arrangement at the agency
insist that data is developed
are provided in accordance with all
confidentiality clauses
a n b issued an official statement in
it says quoting we will not
comment on any particular
information which refers to
arrangements
or in government departments
whom this information was collected
thanks to the collaboration between
special services on special and
stipulated conditions strengthened
the security of both sides here so VNB
officially commented on the situation
fans will help